Katan Games provides this Privacy Policy to explain
how it collects, stores, and uses the information
collected in connection with its software applications,
and websites (collectively, “services”). Katan Games
respects the privacy of their users and is committed to
protecting the user’s information. You have a right to
know our practices regarding the information we may
collect and use when you use our services.
The types of information we collect and
how we collect it
Personal Information
● Katan Games collects the advertising identifier (Apple’s IDFA and
Google’s advertiser ID) and a unique identifier for each user in our mobile
games.
● Katan Games integrates many third party SDKs into our services.
These SDKs are used for advertising to our users, analyzing service usage,
enabling in-app purchases, or providing game services like achievements
and leaderboards. We allow third party operators this collected solely for
internal operations of the service as permitted by applicable rules and laws.
This could include, but is not limited to, persistent advertising identifiers,
geolocation information, and IP address. We encourage you to review the
policies of the third party operators listed below.
Non-personal Information
● We allow third parties to collect some anonymous information by which
users cannot be identified. Non-personal information may include technical
information about your device, such as your browser type, screen
resolution, device type, language, type of operating system and geo
location (only general location). Non-personal information is gathered by
third party services while you are accessing the service. They are allowed
to use this information to conduct research and analysis, but only for strictly

limited purposes. We encourage you to review the policies of the third party
operators listed below.
● Internally, Katan Games also reserves the right to collect anonymous
information for research and analysis. This information is generic in nature
and cannot be used to individually identify a user. This information is
collected each time a user runs one of our services.
What we do with the personal
information we collect
● Advertisers collect data regarding advertisement performance, user’s
interaction with ads, our apps and user’s interests. Collected data may
include user’s personal information in order to serve users ads and for the
third parties’ legitimate business interests.
What we do with the non-personal
information we collect
● Third party operators are allowed to collect and use non-personal
information to conduct research and analysis, or to target advertisements,
or other limited purposes. This information cannot be user to individually
identify any user. We encourage you to review the policies of the third party
operators listed below.
● Similarly, Katan Games also uses non-personal information to conduct
research and analysis. We do this to improve our services in future updates
or to gain knowledge about how our users are interacting with the service.
Children
We understand the importance of protecting the privacy
and safety of children using our services, as outlined by
the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998
(COPPA). Accordingly, we do not knowingly collect, use,
or disclose personal information from children under 13.
When we determine that a service is directed at children
under the age of 13, we will configure all of our internal

systems such that no personal information will be
collected, and configure all relevant third-party
integrations appropriately such that no personal
information will be collected for users of that service. For
additional information, please refer to the privacy
policies of our third party operators to understand what
they are doing to further protect your child’s privacy.
Services that are determined to be targeted at children
will still receive advertisements from our third-party
operators. In this case the ads will not be targeted at
specifically for users, but will be broadcast to all users of
the service.
If you are a parent of a child under 13 years of age and
you believe your child has provided us with personal
information, please contact us using the information
below and we will delete the information from our
systems.
Disclosure of Personal information
The scenarios in which we will share your personal data
are as follows:

● we determine that it is required by law;
● we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or
property;
● we are participating in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or
sale of assets;
● we have your consent; and
● as described above in relation to third-party operators collecting
information from our services.
Under no other circumstances will Katan Games share,
sell, rent, or release your data.
You may contact Katan Games to request access,
change, update or delete your personal information at
any time via email: katangames.kg@gmail.com. A small
fee may be imposed for access and disclosure of your
personal information, where permitted under applicable
law.
Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards and
internal procedures to protect personal information
submitted to us, both during transmission and once we
receive it.
Third-party Operators
• Advertising Networks: Katan Games allows advertisements from the
Third Party ad networks to be displayed in our services. Katan
Games makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the
third party ad networks are configured to comply with applicable

privacy laws, and we reasonably believe this to be the case for each
of them. If we determine a service to be directed at children under the
age of 13, we configure each of these ad networks to be compliant
with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA).
For persons in European Union countries, we also configure networks
to respect user’s choice to opt-out of behavioral advertising to be
compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation of 2016
(GDPR).
• Analytics tools: Katan Games also uses non-personal information
gathered by the Third Party analytics tools to conduct research and
analysis. We do this to improve our services in future updates or to
gain knowledge about how our users are interacting with the service.
The following is a list of the third party operators we
currently use in our services, their contact
information, and links to their privacy policies:
GameAnalytics
https://gameanalytics.com/contact
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy
Google Play
https://play.google.com/about/play-terms.html
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will periodically update this privacy policy to reflect
changes in our information practices, and to add
additional third party operators. Please check back
regularly, as your continued use of our services indicate
your acceptance of any changes to this policy.

This privacy policy was last updated June 17, 2021.
Privacy Policy Contact Information
If you have any questions about our privacy policy,
please contact us via email
at katangames.kg@gmail.com.
